IT Vendor
1. Manage IT Asset (Hardware, Software, License, Domain) to be delivered to user and inventory management
2. To support administration document in IT Division related purchasing goods/services and charging to client/vendor
3. Monitor & control expenses within allocated budget

Governance, Risk and Compliance
1. Participate in audits required by companies such as PCI/DSS audits, ISO 27001, Kominfo, Webtrusted and other related audits both internal and external and prepare audit implementation documents
2. Reviewing the guidelines, policies, procedures, standards as well as references/regulations that apply within Yokke and Bank Indonesia on a regular basis.
3. Maintain the IT Vendor Risk Management Program lifecycle by maintaining policies/processes/workflows, build cross boarder partnerships with procurement/legal/IT management, establishing vendor performance reviews, addressing security, privacy, confidentiality and integrity issues and overall risk management.
4. Contribute to the review of internal processes and activities and assist in identifying potential opportunities for improvement.
5. Assist in the development and provide training to enhance awareness of IT Risk Management across the organization
6. Perform cyber risk assessment and evaluation based on their operations, controls, risk and compliance profile that will include but not limited to – Security assessment; privacy impact assessment, business resiliency assessment; financial risk assessment; digital risk assessment (fit with Enterprise Architecture & IT strategy



Architecture
1. Select and apply appropriate design standards, methods, and tools, consistent with the agreed enterprise and solution architectures and ensure that these are effectively applied and adopted.
2. Guide successful implementation and execution of system solutions.
Provides detailed and specific advice regarding the application of their specialism(s) to the planning and operations processes.
3. Contributes to the development of solution architectures in specific business, infrastructure, or functional areas.
4. Work with Solutions Architects (SAs) to produce a technical specification for the solution’s custom development and systems integration requirements.
5. Lead the scope of work determination, product pricing, and RFP/RFI responses and assist with the decision to pursue or abort a deal.
6. Manages client proof of concept (POC) initiatives, which require the appropriation of appropriate resources, and setup and delivery of the PO
7. Planning and implementing the methodology that will be applied related to Enterprise Architecture to be in accordance with the Vision and Mission of the company.
8. Supervising the progress and results of the work carried out by each staff is in accordance with the planning that has been made or not.
9. Collaborate with other professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications, including the timeline estimation
10. Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, modifiability, extensibility etc